Release notes and migration guide ready to merge (#2370)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.0-release-notes-strings-and-internationalisation.adoc

= TinyMCE 6.0 strings and internationalisaton changes
:navtitle: TinyMCE 6.0 strings and internationalisaton changes
:description: TinyMCE 6.0 strings and internationalisaton changes
:keywords: releasenotes, strings, internationalisaton

This section documents the single fix made to {productname} 6.0 strings and internationalisaton.

* xref:strings-and-internationalisation[Strings and internationalisation]
* xref:fixed-strings-and-internationalisation[Fixed strings and internationalisation]

// tag::strings-and-internationalisation[]
[[strings-and-internationalisation]]
== Strings and Internationalisation

[[fixed-strings-and-internationalisation]]
=== Fixed strings

[[color-picker-dialog]]
==== color picker dialog

> The {productname} color picker presents tool tip labels (also known as aria labels) showing the name of the color the pointer is hovering over.

Reviewer: This isn't quite correct, as `aria-labels` aren't the same thing as a tooltip. An aria-label is used to provide screenreader specific information for accessibility, whereas as a tooltip is a UI element that shows on hover.
```suggestion
The {productname} color picker presents tooltip labels showing the name of the color the pointer is hovering over.
```

> These labels presented these names in English in multiple instances when they should have presented the names in other languages (eg German).
> 
> With this update, these tool tip labels now present in the expected language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These labels presented these names in English in multiple instances when they should have presented the names in other languages (e.g. German).

With this update, these tooltip labels now present in the expected language.
```

Author: s/tool tip/tooltip/ done in a separate push just now.

eg -> e.g. is an editorial discussion for after. :-)
